add example for JSON-LD in the main text (#232)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

signatures. A consumer of a signed JWT that has checked the
signature can safely assume that the contents of the token have not been
modified.  However, anyone receiving an unencrypted JWT can read all the

> claims. Likewise, anyone with the decryption key receiving a signed and encrypted JWT

Reviewer: The 'signed' part is besides the point (we did say only 'unencrypted' in the previous sentence) because that's what matters here.

Author: ```suggestion
claims. Likewise, anyone with the decryption key receiving encrypted JWT
```

can also read all the claims.

> One of the common use cases of a signed JWT is representing user's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the common use cases of a signed JWT is representing a user's
```

Holder. The strength of the Holder Binding is conditional upon the trust
in the protection of the private key of the key pair an SD-JWT is bound to.

> SD-JWT can be used with any JSON-based representation of claims, including JSON-LD.

Reviewer 2: I like this.

    <author fullname="Brent Zundel">
      <organization>Evernym</organization>
    </author>
    <author fullname="Kyle Den Hartog">
      <organization>MATTR</organization>
    </author>
    <date day="03" month="Mar" year="2022" />
  </front>
</reference>

@VC_JWT

> <reference anchor="VC_JWT" target="https://w3c.github.io/vc-jwt/">

Reviewer 2: Beware that this will change to https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-jwt when it goes to FPWD.

You might want to file an issue to track fixing it if you fear you will forget.

Author: thanks, issue #237

<{{examples/complex_ekyc/verified_contents.json}}

> ## Example 4a - W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model v2.0, not using JSON-LD

Reviewer 3: I suggest to state "using JSON payload" or "JSON claim set" that reads much more positive than "not ..."

Author: JSON-LD is JSON, too. We say `without using JSON-LD` in OID4VP spec. I want to be explicit that it is not JSON-LD

Reviewer 2: I agree with @tlodderstedt ... The example and text should be what makes it explicit.

perhaps "W3C Verifiable Credentials as Native JSON Web Tokens" ?

Author: keeping the language for now after discussion with other editors. please file an issue if you feel strongly about it.

This example illustrates how the artifacts defined in this specification can be

> represented as W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model v2.0 [@VC_DATA_v2.0] without using JSON-LD.

Reviewer 3: again "with the credential content being a set of JSON claims" "with JSON based content".

Author: JSON-LD is JSON, too. We say `without using JSON-LD` in OID4VP spec. I want to be explicit.

> It uses a content type `credential-claims-set+json` defined in [@VC_JWT], Section 3.

Reviewer 3: I think the text should also define the `typ` value. Suggest `vc+sd-jwt`. I also suggest to explicitly mention the header name `cty` for the content type.

Author: yes, `typ` should be defined for sd-jwt-vc, I added for clarity, but I strongly believe then it should be in the main text and not the examples that are **non-normative**.

Author: `cty` clarified.

Reviewer 4: Non-normative examples should not be using (or pseudo defining) nonexistent media types.  

`vc+sd-jwt` isn't a registered media type nor is there text anywhere that's intending to define/register it. It also suggests a structured-suffix media type of `+sd-jwt` which similarly doesn't exist. Those maybe things that'd be desirable to define/register but not just by putting them in examples. That's a somewhat different direction than what's being proposed in #229 too.

> and does not use JSON-LD. The example uses a content type `credential-claims-set+json` defined in [@VC_JWT], Section 3 in a `cty` JOSE Header value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and does not use JSON-LD to provide semantic definitions for claims. The example uses a content type `credential-claims-set+json` defined in [@VC_JWT], Section 3 in a `cty` JOSE Header value.
```

> SD-JWT is equivalent to an Issuer-signed W3C Verifiable Credential (W3C VC). Disclosures are sent alongside a W3C VC.

Reviewer 2: the equivalence language reads roughly...  i think there are 2 cases:

SD-JWT is a VC where:

1. the verified / decoded claim set is a core data model media type. (with JSON-LD)
2. the verified / decoded claim set JSON. (without JSON-LD)

Both are "W3C VCs" if a mapping exists for 2.

It would be preferable to call them both "W3C Verifiable Credentials", and define a minimal mapping to ensure 2 is valid, with caveats, like we are doing here: https://github.com/w3c/vc-jwt/pull/60

Author: I will merge the current language as a starting point. can you please file an issue on this so that we can fix it later?

> A Holder-signed Verifiable Presentation as defined in [@VC_DATA_v2.0] would be equivalent to

Reviewer 3: "would be" or "is"?

Author: `would be` because we are not putting the example of a VP.

Reviewer 2: will be with an issue marker ?

Author: ```suggestion
A Holder-signed Verifiable Presentation as defined in [@VC_DATA_v2.0] is equivalent to
```

a Combined Format for Presentation with a Holder Binding JWT.

In this example, Holder Binding is applied and Verifiable Presentation can be signed using

> a raw public key passed in a `cnf` Claim in the SD-JWT.

Reviewer 2: not sure we want to call JWK a "raw public key".... I think `cnf` also supports by reference / URL... do we want to support both?

Author: ```suggestion
a Holder's public key passed in a `cnf` Claim in the SD-JWT.
```

{{examples/w3c-vc/disclosures.md}}

## Example 4b - W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model v1.1, using JSON-LD

> This example illustrates how the artifacts defined in this specification can be

Reviewer 3: "How the artifacts defined in this presentation can be used to represent a Verifiable Credential according to W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model v2.0 ..."

Author: paraphrased

that is represented as a W3C Verifiable Credentials Data Model v2.0 [@VC_DATA_v2.0]

> and uses JSON-LD. The example uses a content type `credential+ld+json` defined in [@VC_DATA_v2.0], Section 6.3 in a `cty` JOSE Header value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and uses a JSON-LD object as the the claims set. The example uses a content type `credential+ld+json` defined in [@VC_DATA_v2.0], Section 6.3 in a `cty` JOSE Header value.
```

SD-JWT is equivalent to an Issuer-signed W3C Verifiable Credential (W3C VC). Disclosures are sent alongside a VC.

A Combined Format for Presentation with a Holder Binding JWT would be equivalent to a Holder-signed
Verifiable Presentation as defined in [@VC_DATA_v2.0].

In this example, Holder Binding is applied and a Combined Format for Presentation is signed

> using a raw public key passed in a `cnf` Claim in the SD-JWT.

Reviewer 2: same comments, if these sections going to be identical, it would be nice to be DRY-er.

Author: ```suggestion
using a Holder's public key passed in a `cnf` Claim in the SD-JWT.
```

Below is a non-normative example of an SD-JWT represented as a W3C VC using JSON-LD.

The following data will be used in this example:

<{{examples/jsonld/user_claims.json}}

The payload of a corresponding SD-JWT looks as follows:

<{{examples/jsonld/sd_jwt_payload.json}}

Disclosures:

{{examples/jsonld/disclosures.md}}

A Combined Format for Presentation for the SD-JWT that discloses only discloses `type`, `medicinalProductName`, `atcCode` of the vaccine,
`type` of the `recipient`, `type`, `order` and `dateOfVaccination`,

> and has a Holder Binding JWT could look as follows:

Reviewer 2: This reads a bit awkward, I think it would be nice to split the claims disclosure from the confirmation binding, but leave both as traits of the example.

> A Combined Format for Presentation for the SD-JWT that discloses only discloses `type`, `medicinalProductName`, `atcCode` of the vaccine,
> `type` of the `recipient`, `type`, `order` and `dateOfVaccination`,
> and has a Holder Binding JWT could look as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of a Combined Format for Presentation for the SD-JWT with a Holder Binding JWT. It only discloses `type`, `medicinalProductName`, `atcCode` of the vaccine, `type` of the `recipient`, `type`, `order` and `dateOfVaccination`.
```
